Added Stately editor to the docs (#3246)
statelyai/xstate: README.md

💙 [Explore our catalogue of examples](https://xstate-catalogue.com/)

> ➡️ [Create state machines with our new editor](https://stately.ai/editor)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
➡️ [Create state machines with the Stately Editor](https://stately.ai/editor)
```
